#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_test.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via directory-components
boto3==1.34.25
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.84
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via pip-tools
coverage[toml]==7.4.4
    # via
    #   pytest-codecov
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jwcrypto
dateparser==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-api-client==26.4.7
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-client-core==7.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-cms-client
    #   directory-forms-api-client
    #   pir-client
directory-cms-client==12.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-components==40.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==24.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-components
directory-forms-api-client==7.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-healthcheck==3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-validators==9.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-recaptcha
    #   django-redis
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   sigauth
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.18.1
    # via directory-healthcheck
django-ipware==6.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oauth-toolkit==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-recaptcha==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sigauth
elastic-apm==6.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via pytest
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
flake8==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
freezegun==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
gevent==23.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.41
    # via -r requirements_test.in
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via build
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via directory-components
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.6
    # via directory-client-core
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
olefile==0.47
    # via directory-validators
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   directory-validators
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pir-client==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
psycogreen==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   pytest-forked
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via flake8
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   pytest-codecov
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-codecov==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   pytest-codecov
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-forked==1.6.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-sugar==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-xdist==1.29.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   freezegun
python-ipware==2.0.3
    # via django-ipware
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   directory-validators
    #   djangorestframework
redis==5.0.3
    # via django-redis
regex==2022.1.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
requests[security]==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   pytest-codecov
    #   requests-mock
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==5.2.7
    # via directory-client-core
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   mohawk
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   python-dateutil
    #   w3lib
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sorl-thumbnail==12.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via pytest-sugar
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   django-countries
    #   jwcrypto
tzlocal==5.2
    # via dateparser
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   directory-validators
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via directory-client-core
waitress==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.43.0
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.18.1
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.3
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
