#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==24.2.0
    # via jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via directory-components
boto3==1.34.25
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.162
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jwcrypto
dateparser==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-api-client==26.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-client-core==7.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-cms-client
    #   directory-forms-api-client
    #   pir-client
directory-cms-client==12.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-components==40.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==24.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-components
directory-forms-api-client==7.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-healthcheck==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-validators==9.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-recaptcha
    #   django-redis
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   sigauth
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.18.2
    # via directory-healthcheck
django-ipware==6.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oauth-toolkit==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-recaptcha==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sigauth
elastic-apm==6.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==23.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via directory-components
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.6
    # via directory-client-core
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
olefile==0.47
    # via directory-validators
packaging==24.1
    # via gunicorn
pillow==11.0.0
    # via directory-validators
pir-client==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
psycogreen==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via django-ipware
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   directory-validators
redis==5.1.1
    # via django-redis
regex==2022.1.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
requests[security]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
s3transfer==0.10.3
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==5.3.0
    # via directory-client-core
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   mohawk
    #   python-dateutil
    #   w3lib
sorl-thumbnail==12.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via django
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   django-countries
    #   jwcrypto
tzlocal==5.2
    # via dateparser
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   directory-validators
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via directory-client-core
waitress==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==7.1.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
